## Q1) Is this course on-campus? Is it online? How does the online component work?

__Spring 2015:__
This course is offered online only. View the [Potential Students info page to learn more](/Potential_Students).

__Fall 2015:__
This course is run both on-campus and online.

Students in the Cambridge area can attend the weekly, live lecture held on Harvard's campus (see the home page for location and time details for the active/upcoming semester).

Students taking the course remotely will have access to the lectures via two formats:

+ A live stream which is broadcasted at the time of the lecture.
+ An "on-demand" video recording of the lecture which is available 24-48 hours after the lecture meets.

[Refer to HES's page on course formats for more details...](http://www.extension.harvard.edu/courses/course-formats).



## Q2) How much time will I need to devote to this course?

This question is very difficult to answer as it depends on many factors: how much previous experience you have, how quickly you pick up on technical topics, and most importantly, how much you want to push yourself on your projects.

If you'd still like a rough number, though, I'll defer to the classic college estimate: students should spent 2-3 hours outside of class for every hour in class.

Given this, for the regular semesters you're looking at 6 to 9 hours of work *in addition to* the lecture. For a Summer semester you're looking at 12 to 18 hours of work *in addition to* the lecture.




## Q3) I have to miss [x] class date(s). Will this be a problem?

There are no point deductions in this course for absences. Each student is responsible for their own attendance.

For more details regarding missed quizzes or late projects due to absences see the section on [grading](/Grading).

Please also read the [Attendance section under Student Responsibilities](/Student_Responsibilities) for more details.




## Q4) You recommend using [x] software&mdash; is it okay if I use [y] software?

Please see the section *Choosing to use other tools, languages or services* under [Tools and Software](/Tools_and_Software).
