See the course schedule for the due date of this project.

## P3: Laravel Basics
The goal of this project is to give you hands-on practice with working with the essentials of building a Laravel-based site. In building this project you'll demonstrate an understanding of the following skills:

* Creating a new Laravel application.
* Installing and using Composer packages.
* Routing basics.
* Views.
* Deploying a Laravel app on a live server.




## Task
Create a web application called *Developer's Best Friend* which includes a **Lorem Ipsum Generator** and a **Random User Generator**.

Your landing page should include a description of your app with either links to the two tools, or with the two tools present on the page.

The tools should be powered by HTML forms where the user can specify how many paragraphs they want, how many users they want, etc.

__You must research and implement at least one external package__ in your project. The package could be used to help generate the lorem ipsum text or random users, or it might assist your application in some other way. 

Any of the packages we'll demonstrate in lecture (ex: debugbar, log viewer, random-rych) do not count toward this package requirement. You can use these packages, they just have to be in addition to some other package of your choosing. (The idea is for you to explore some unique package on your own.)

Your forms should be checked by __server-side validation__, and users should be given feedback when their input is invalid. This is a feature you'll add towards the end of building your project when we get to validation with Laravel in Lecture 7 (two weeks before the P3 due date).


## Examples
* <http://p3.dwa15.com>
* <http://lipsum.com>
* <http://cupcakeipsum.com>
* <http://randomuser.me>




## Optional Extras
* Give the option to include extra info for the generated users, such as birthdate, location, a small profile blurb, etc.
* Add your xkcd generator from p1 (not just a link&mdash; actually work the code into your Laravel app).
* Add an additional tool, for example, a [permissions calculator](http://permissions-calculator.org).
* Etc...
